# JCDSLS03
### Capstone 1

### Capstone 2
- Data Analysis on TRENDING YOUTUBE VIDEO STATISTICS (US)
- Solving a a makeup company's marketing strategy problem on YouTube platform based on the US YouTube's trending data 2017-2018

### Capstone 3
# **Saudi Arabia Used Cars**
[Sumber data Saudi Arabia Used Cars](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/turkibintalib/saudi-arabia-used-cars-dataset) 

### **Contents**

1. Business Problem Understanding
2. Data Preprocessing (Cleaning & EDA)
3. Modeling
4. Conclusion
5. Recommendation

****

# **Business Problem Understanding**
**Context**

This is the Saudi Arabia Used Cars data retreived from syarah.com's website. syarah.com is a website which connects seller and potential buyers of the used cars in Saudi Arabia. The website has various car types to sell from diffrent regions across Saudi Arabia.

syarah.com let seller's used car owners to decide their own used car's price. For some sellers, it might be a bit confusing to set a price since not every seller understand the second-hand of used cars market. It can be set too expensive/too cheap. There are lots of factors that determine the used car's price.
**Problem Statement**

One of the challenge for marketplace website like syarah.com is to attract buyers and sellers transact within the website. In order to do that, they have to make the platform more consumer-friendly by adding features and recommendations.

Since the used car's sellers can set up the price whatever the seller wants to, giving price recommendations based on the overall market's data can make people more convenient to sell their used cars in the website. Sellers can sell with a competitive price and they can put a higher price with the used car's prominent that the seller has which they consider it to be necessary. **With the purpose of increasing the website's volume transactions, determining the right price to stay competitive in the used cars marketplace is very important. So that more people will get more convenient in selling their used cars on the website with the help of price recommendations. Thus, more profit/commision to the website**

**Goals**

Based on this problem, syarah.com requires to have a 'tool' that can predict and help sellers to be able to **determine the right price of used cars for them to sell**. The differences in the various features found can increase the accuracy of the selling price prediction, which can bring profit for the seller, and of course still affordable for the buyer.

**Analytic Approach**

What we need to do is analyze the data in order to find patterns from the existing features, what distinguish one features from another.

Next, we will build a regression model that will help the company to provide a used car price prediction 'tool' which will be used by the syarah.com website to provide recommendations to prospective sellers in determining the best price for used cars to be sold.

**Metric Evaluation**

The evaluation metrics that will be used are RMSE, MAE, and MAPE.
- RMSE is the mean value of the square root of the error
- MAE is the average absolute value of the error
- MAPE is the average percentage error generated by the regression model.
The smaller the RMSE, MAE, and MAPE values, the more accurate the model in predicting the used car price according to the limitations of the features used.

In addition, we can also use the value of R-squared or adj. R-squared is the model if the model that will be selected as the final model is a linear model. 
The R-squared value is used to determine how well the model can represent the overall variance of the data. The closer to 1, the more fit the model is to the observation data. However, this metric is not valid for non-linear models.
